>> Kyle Simpson: Okay,
let's talk about the solution to part one
of the impurity exercise.
So we said we wanna take this
getStudentsByName function,
we're gonna modify it and move it.
So I'm just gonna copy and
then move it up here.
And we're gonna end up
wanting to wrap it around our
sortStudentsByName, so
I'll just kind of indent it here.
And remember, the reason we want
to wrap getStudentsByName around
sortStudentsByName, sortStudentsByName
is a function that has impurity in it.
And for the purposes of this exercise,
for whatever reason, we can't modify it.
We can't change it.
But we can contain the impurity so that it
doesn't leak out to the rest of the scope.
If we reduce the surface
area of that impurity,
then we improve the overall program
readability and maintainability.
So we do wanna pass in,
you'll notice down here,
we are passing in the outer list of
students, the original list of students.
We'll pass that list in.
And we know that that is the thing
that's gonna get modified.
So if we wanna prevent it from being
modified, we've gotta make our local copy
of students be,
our local reference be a copy of students,
not an actual reference to
the original outer one.
So if we left it alone, this wouldn't do
anything to prevent the side effects.
So let's actually make a copy
of the students array.
And that can be done very simply
with just the slice method.
That makes us a shallow copy of an array.
So now our students parameter
is pointing at a local copy
of that array, not the outer global array.
That then allows us to simply
call return sortStudentsByName.
>> Kyle Simpson: Which is going to
end up producing a side effect but
only on our local one,
not on the global one.
And we return the results, since it
returns students, we return the result.
And let's test to make
sure that that works.
I will paste this in and run it.
And what we see is that the first
five tests produce true, and
the last five tests produce true.
These are still false because that's
what we're gonna handle in part two.